Add CSM (Conversational Speech Model) section to README.md (#56)
Blaizzy/mlx-audio: README.md

- 🇯🇵 `'j'` - Japanese (requires `pip install misaki[ja]`)
- 🇨🇳 `'z'` - Mandarin Chinese (requires `pip install misaki[zh]`)

### CSM (Conversational Speech Model)

CSM is a model from Sesame that allows you text-to-speech and to customize voices using reference audio samples.

#### Example Usage

```bash
# Generate speech using CSM-1B model with reference audio
python -m mlx_audio.tts.generate --model mlx-community/csm-1b --text "Hello from Sesame." --play --ref_audio ./conversational_a.wav
```

> You can download sample reference audio files from the [Sesame CSM-1B](https://huggingface.co/sesame/csm-1b) Hugging Face repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass any audio to clone the voice from or download sample audio file from the [Sesame CSM-1B](https://huggingface.co/mlx-community/csm-1b/tree/main/prompts) Hugging Face repository.
```

> You can pass any audio to clone the voice from or download sample audio file from the [Sesame CSM-1B](https://huggingface.co/mlx-community/csm-1b/tree/main/prompts) Hugging Face repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass any audio to clone the voice from or download sample audio file from [here](https://huggingface.co/mlx-community/csm-1b/tree/main/prompts).
```

- 🇯🇵 `'j'` - Japanese (requires `pip install misaki[ja]`)
- 🇨🇳 `'z'` - Mandarin Chinese (requires `pip install misaki[zh]`)

### CSM (Conversational Speech Model)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- 🇯🇵 `'j'` - Japanese (requires `pip install misaki[ja]`)
- 🇨🇳 `'z'` - Mandarin Chinese (requires `pip install misaki[zh]`)

### CSM (Conversational Speech Model)

> > Note: This section is applicable when using the repository cloned from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
